---
layout: post
title: Prepareing myself for a AI world
categories: [Personal]
---
AI scares the shit out of me. The prospect of a world where most humans are rendered redundant by data warehouses, and the fact that a computer can do basically anything better than humans ever could, is a horrible prospect. This change worries me like nothing ever before.

However, after some mopey thinking and a minor existential crisis, I have decided to *fight back* against these feelings and try to get myself into the optimal position to remain relevant for as long as possible—to reach my absolute peak potential, something most humans will never do.

This can be broken down into three main categories:

## Body

I want to get my body into peak physical condition. This is the foundation for everything that I do. The longer I can maintain peak form, the longer I can keep working away at self-improvement.

I have actually been working at this for the past few months with mild to moderate effort and have seen some modest success. I have reduced my weight from 113kg to 104kg and am still improving. However, I will be doubling down on this to get to the point where I am above average and my body is running well.

## Mind

AI is a great tool, and I use Claude for work all the time, but I find myself becoming stupider because of it. Yes, I can produce results way faster than anything I have seen before, and my job has basically become a glorified caretaker role pointing out mistakes that LLMs make while they are doing my work for me.

I am determined to keep my mind sharp and be relevant for as long as possible. I will be devoting some of my time to AI research and adjacent subjects.

I will also be trying to keep my attention span as healthy as possible. I will be avoiding all short-form content (something I have been doing for a while now) and trying my best to spend my time learning efficiently. I will try to spend more of my entertainment time reading books and not getting sucked into the YouTube hole.

Spending time writing this blog is part of that. This is the first thing I have written, and even now I can tell it’s just a stream of consciousness. Over time, I hope to hone this as a skill, among others. If I can master my own mind, I might stand a chance of still having a purpose.

## Environment

My environment where I live is nice, but a little cluttered and not optimised. I am hoping to clear out and redesign my environment to be as effective and enjoyable to use as possible.

This is a smaller part of the puzzle than my body and mind, but I see it as the lubricant that makes the first two as easy as possible to develop.

## Does AI Play a Role Here?

Yes. No matter how good I think I can be, AI in its current form will help optimise the process, and I will be using it as a coach, mentor, and anything else I can think of. I used AI to spell check this blog for me !

Although I don’t like this, in the world we live in, I would fall behind without it.

## Human Stuff

I am also going to be trying to create content as part of this. So anything digital that I create can be found around here somewhere: photos, videos, games, music, and even wood and metalworking photos.